Allow filtering by field names in GET resources for REST Data with Panache (#29212)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/rest-data-panache.adoc

Fields are sorted in the ascending order unless they're prefixed with a `-`.
E.g. `?sort=name,-age` will sort the result by the name ascending by the age descending.

For example, if you want to get two `People` entities in the first page, you should call `http://localhost:8080/people?page=0&size=2`, and the response should look like:

[source,json]
----
[
  {
    "id": 1,
    "name": "John Johnson",
    "birth": "1988-01-10"
  },
  {
    "id": 2,
    "name": "Peter Peterson",
    "birth": "1986-11-20"
  }
]
----

Additionally, you can also filter by the entity fields by adding a query param with the name of the field and the value, for example, calling `http://localhost:8080/people?name=Peter Peterson` would return:

[source,json]
----
[
  {
    "id": 2,
    "name": "Peter Peterson",
    "birth": "1986-11-20"
  }
]
----

> IMPORTANT: Filtering by fields only supports for primitive types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Filtering by fields is only supported for primitive types.
```
